World's Tallest Building?
=> The Burj Khalifa
In 2020, the Burj Khalifa remains the World's Tallest Building at 828 meters (and has been since 2010), which is 1.8 times the height of the Petronas Twin Towers.

World's Largest Forest?
=> The Amazon
It is the world's largest tropical rainforest, also known as Amazonia or Amazon Jungle. It has an area of 5,500,000 km² and covers most of the Amazon Basin of South America and runs through Brazil, Peru, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Bolivia, Guyana, Suriname, and French Guiana.

World's Costliest Car?
=> Bugatti La Voiture Noire
Bugatti takes home the trophy for the most expensive car in the world. Making its debut a year ago at the Geneva International Motor Show, the one-of-a-kind La Voiture Noire is priced at $18.68 million. The new La Voiture Noire packs 1,500 horsepower and 1,180 pound-foot of torque that propels it from 0 to 60 mph in 2.5 seconds. It has a quad turbo W-16 engine with a top speed of 261 mph.

World's Most Expensive House?
=> Buckingham Palace
At $2.9 billion, Buckingham Palace is the most expensive home in the world. The palace is owned by the British Royal Family and has been the residence of the monarch since 1873. The palace has a breathtaking French neoclassical architectural design, which was favored by King George IV. Queen Elizabeth II currently lives here, though her spouse and children live elsewhere. There’s a reason this palace comes with such a huge price tag. The palace is a whopping 828,000 square feet! It boasts 775 rooms, 78 bathrooms, 19 staterooms, and 92 offices. Even the garden is 40 acres in size.

World's Fastest Animal?
=> Peregrine Falcon
The fastest animal in the world is the peregrine falcon. When flying horizontally, like most birds do, these falcons are able to reach a mere 55 mph—which is still, by the way, faster than almost any other bird—but when they go into a dive, all bets are off.

World's Richest Person?
=> Jeff Bezos
Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has a net worth of $182.4 billion and ranks as the richest person on the earth today. Bezos founded the behemoth Amazon in 1994 out of his garage in Seattle. The e-commerce giant has reaped the benefits of this coronavirus pandemic, with more number of people shopping online.

World's Costliest Currency?
=> Kuwaiti Dinar
You will receive just 0.30 Kuwait dinar after exchanging 1 US dollar, making the Kuwaiti dinar the world's highest-valued currency unit per face value, or simply 'the world's strongest currency'.

World's Largest Mountain?
=> Mount Everest
Mount Everest, located in Nepal and Tibet, is usually said to be the highest mountain on Earth. Reaching 29,029 feet at its summit, Everest is indeed the highest point above global mean sea level—the average level for the ocean surface from which elevations are measured.

World's Largest Ocean?
=> Pacific Ocean
The Pacific Ocean is the largest and deepest of the world ocean basins. Covering approximately 63 million square miles and containing more than half of the free water on Earth, the Pacific is by far the largest of the world's ocean basins.

World's Largest Desert?
=> Antarctic Desert
The largest desert on earth is the Antarctic desert, covering the continent of Antarctica with a size of around 5.5 million square miles. The term desert includes polar deserts, subtropical deserts, cold winter and cool coastal deserts, and are based on their geographical situation.